Here is an "African Solution"

Do a more universal construction!
Use car parts like:
-Wiper motor of VW/Skoda/Audi MQB model series "golf class".
Get Parts at your local car dealer with oem part numbers.
Advantage: Car manufacturer must provide logistics 15 years after end of production of his car series.
Also there are a lot of after market parts.
So look for matching car parts.
Also add functional safety:
-have alternative way if processor fails.
-have two processors and do lockstep, or have a minimum PWM-speed generated by hardware (e.g. NE555 and MOS-FET)
Plus 12V ---- MOTOR --- NFET1 (controlled by cpu) --- GND
                                     + NFET2 (controlled by NE555-PWM) ---- GND

I like your approach and I also have 2 ambu bags for my family and I also build myself an electrolysis device from sewage pipes to produce oxygen. But I did not invest too much time into the thing.
Better Ambu bags have a 40mm water blow off valve, 
so I can just take a of the shelf electronics lab supply, add the wiper assembly of a car and run the motor at the desired speed. (Voltage controls speed, current limit controls maximum torque of a dc motor).
Also one can use a switch mode power supply to generate the motor supply voltage and control the voltage at the error amp to give the desired speed.
Here one can also use the pressure sensor to generate a set point for the error amp.
this can be done using analog electronics which are more reliable as an op-amp does not hang or needs to be programmed.



Mechanics:
Use a windshild wiper.
https://youtu.be/1tl2AZ2k7WQ?t=291
Look at the two arms that move the shafts of the wipers. Add some pads like wooden pieces with screwed on (mind the size of screws not to puncture the AMBU!!) pipe holders, that connect the wooden pieces (plates of 15cm x 6cm) to the small arms of the mechanism which forms a parallelogram. So you have 2 small plates pushing 2 AMBU-BAGS that sit in a wooden wine box.
So you can put it alltogether into a wooden (wine) box and you can squeeze 2 AMBU bags at the same speed and density. Not perfect but scales better.
This is far more quicker, as you can go to a scrap yard or a car parts shop and get a matching wiper mechanism of any car which has a similar mechanism. 
Also wood work is quick and easy compared to cnc metal work.
Just screw or nail the wiper mechanism into the wooden box. Sand the surfaces so they dont hurt the ambu and clad it with some cloth if you want to further protect the AMBU from friction and wear.
No CAD drawings needed, just use wood tools and build the wiper assembly into a wooden box, use your intuition to make it fit.
Looks like an "African solution" but it scales far better.
  
